Update Known-issues.md (#2148)
MicrosoftDocs/OfficeDocs-SkypeForBusiness: Teams/Known-issues.md

|**Issue title**|**Behavior / Symptom**|**Known workaround**|**Discovery date**|
|:-----|:-----|:-----|:-----|
|User not recieving welcome email when added administratively  <br/> |When adding a member to a team using PowerShell or the Teams admin center, they are not recieving a welcome email from Microsoft Teams  <br/> |Adding a member from the Teams UI directly will send an email. Currently, there is no workaround doing so administratively.  <br/> |2/12/19  <br/> |

|**Issue title**|**Behavior / Symptom**|**Known workaround**|**Discovery date**|
|:-----|:-----|:-----|:-----|

> |Unable to move, delete or rename Fies after editing  <br/> |After a file is eidted in MS teams it cannot be moved or renamed or deleted immediately <br/> |This is urrently a known issue and the workaround is to wait for sometime before making administrativ chnage.  <br/> |03/12119  <br/> |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|Unable to move, delete or rename files after editing  <br/> |After a file is edited in Microsoft Teams it cannot be moved, renamed or deleted immediately <br/> |This is currently a known issue and the workaround is to wait for some time before making administrative changes.  <br/> |03/12119  <br/> |
```
